---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tailor_executor Resource - terraform-provider-tailor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The executor resource represents an executor in Tailor.
---

# tailor_executor (Resource)

The executor resource represents an executor in Tailor.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of this executor.
- `operation` (Attributes) The operation to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation))
- `trigger` (Attributes) The trigger for this executor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger))
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the workspace that the executor belongs to.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of this executor.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether this executor is disabled.

<a id="nestedatt--operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation`

Optional:

- `function` (Attributes) configuration for the function operation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--function))
- `tailor_graphql` (Attributes) configuration for the graphql operation to Tailor Platform (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--tailor_graphql))
- `webhook` (Attributes) configuration for the webhook operation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--webhook))

<a id="nestedatt--operation--function"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.function`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the function.
- `script` (String) The script to execute.

Optional:

- `invoker` (Attributes) The invoker of the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--function--invoker))
- `variables` (String) The variables to pass to the function.

<a id="nestedatt--operation--function--invoker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.function.invoker`

Optional:

- `event_user` (Boolean) Attach the operation to an event user.
- `machine_user` (Attributes) Attach the operation to a machine user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--function--invoker--machine_user))

<a id="nestedatt--operation--function--invoker--machine_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.function.invoker.machine_user`

Required:

- `auth_namespace` (String) The auth namespace of the machine user.
- `name` (String) The name of the machine user.




<a id="nestedatt--operation--tailor_graphql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.tailor_graphql`

Required:

- `query` (String) The GraphQL query to execute.

Optional:

- `app_name` (String) The name of the app to query.
- `invoker` (Attributes) The invoker of the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--tailor_graphql--invoker))
- `variables` (String) The variables to pass to the GraphQL query.

<a id="nestedatt--operation--tailor_graphql--invoker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.tailor_graphql.invoker`

Optional:

- `event_user` (Boolean) Attach the operation to an event user.
- `machine_user` (Attributes) Attach the operation to a machine user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--tailor_graphql--invoker--machine_user))

<a id="nestedatt--operation--tailor_graphql--invoker--machine_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.tailor_graphql.invoker.machine_user`

Required:

- `auth_namespace` (String) The auth namespace of the machine user.
- `name` (String) The name of the machine user.




<a id="nestedatt--operation--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.webhook`

Required:

- `url` (String) The URL of the webhook.

Optional:

- `body` (String) The body to send with the webhook.
- `headers` (Attributes List) The headers to send with the webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--webhook--headers))
- `secret` (Attributes) The secret value to load. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--webhook--secret))

<a id="nestedatt--operation--webhook--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.webhook.headers`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the header.

Optional:

- `raw_value` (String) The raw value of the header.
- `secret_value` (Attributes) The secret value to load. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--operation--webhook--headers--secret_value))

<a id="nestedatt--operation--webhook--headers--secret_value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.webhook.headers.secret_value`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret.
- `vault_name` (String) The name of the vault.



<a id="nestedatt--operation--webhook--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `operation.webhook.secret`

Required:

- `secret_name` (String) The name of the secret.
- `vault_name` (String) The name of the vault.




<a id="nestedatt--trigger"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger`

Optional:

- `event` (Attributes) The configuration for the event trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger--event))
- `schedule` (Attributes) The configuration for the schedule trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger--schedule))
- `webhook` (Attributes) The configuration for the webhook trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trigger--webhook))

<a id="nestedatt--trigger--event"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger.event`

Required:

- `type` (String) The type of the event trigger.

Optional:

- `condition` (String) The condition for the event trigger.


<a id="nestedatt--trigger--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger.schedule`

Required:

- `frequency` (String) The frequency for the schedule trigger in cron format.
- `timezone` (String) The timezone for the schedule trigger.


<a id="nestedatt--trigger--webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger.webhook`

Read-Only:

- `url` (String) The computed URL for the webhook trigger.
