---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tailor_pipeline_resolver Resource - terraform-provider-tailor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The pipeline_resolver resource represents a pipeline resolver in Tailor.
---

# tailor_pipeline_resolver (Resource)

The pipeline_resolver resource represents a pipeline resolver in Tailor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "tailor_pipeline_resolver" "add_starship" {
  workspace_id = tailor_workspace.starwars.id
  namespace    = tailor_pipeline.starwars.namespace

  name        = "addStarship"
  description = "Add a starship to the galaxy"
  authorization = {
    insecure = true
  }

  sdl = <<EOF
input AddStarshipInput {
    name: String!
    model: String!
}
type addStarshipResponse {
    success: Boolean!
}

type Mutation {
    addStarship(input: AddStarshipInput!): AddStarshipResponse!
}
EOF

  steps = [
    {
      name     = "createStarship"
      pre_hook = <<EOF
({
  "name": context.args.input.name,
  "model": context.args.input.model,
})
EOF
      operation = {
        tailor_graphql = {
          invoker = {
            event_user = true
          }
          query = <<EOF
mutation createStarship($name: String!, $model: String!) {
  createStarship(input: {
    name: $name
    model: $model
  }) {
    id
  }
}
EOF
        }
      }
      post_hook = <<EOF
({
  "id": args.createStarship.id,
})
EOF
    }
  ]
  post_script = <<EOF
{
  "success": ars.createStarship.id != null,
}
EOF
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authorization` (Attributes) The authorization for this pipeline resolver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authorization))
- `name` (String) The name of this pipeline resolver.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the pipeline resolver.
- `sdl` (String) The SDL for this pipeline resolver.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the workspace that the pipeline resolver belongs to.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of this pipeline resolver.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels for this pipeline resolver.
- `post_hook` (String) The post-hook JavaScript code for this pipeline resolver.
- `post_script` (String) The post-script CEL expression for this pipeline resolver.
- `pre_hook` (String) The pre-hook JavaScript code for this pipeline resolver.
- `pre_script` (String) The pre-script CEL expression for this pipeline resolver.
- `publish_execution_events` (Boolean) Whether to publish execution events for this pipeline resolver.
- `steps` (Attributes List) The list of steps for this pipeline resolver. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--authorization"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authorization`

Optional:

- `expr` (String) The CEL expression to evaluate for authorization.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Whether to allow unauthorized access to the pipeline resolver. This option is mutually exclusive with logged_in_user.
- `logged_in_user` (Boolean) Whether to allow access only to logged-in users. This option is mutually exclusive with insecure.


<a id="nestedatt--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of this step.

Optional:

- `context_data` (String) Attach context data to the step.
- `description` (String) The description of this step.
- `loop_with` (String) The CEL expression to evaluate for looping this step.
- `operation` (Attributes) The operation to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--operation))
- `post_hook` (String) The post-hook JavaScript code for this step.
- `post_script` (String) The post-script CEL expression for this step.
- `post_validation` (String) The post-validation CEL expression for this step.
- `pre_hook` (String) The pre-hook JavaScript code for this step.
- `pre_script` (String) The pre-script CEL expression for this step.
- `pre_validation` (String) The pre-validation CEL expression for this step.
- `run_if` (String) The CEL expression to evaluate for running this step.
- `skip_on_operation_error` (Boolean) Whether to skip this step if the operation fails.

<a id="nestedatt--steps--operation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.operation`

Optional:

- `function` (Attributes) configuration for the function operation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--operation--function))
- `tailor_graphql` (Attributes) configuration for the graphql operation to Tailor Platform (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--operation--tailor_graphql))

<a id="nestedatt--steps--operation--function"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.operation.function`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the function.

Optional:

- `invoker` (Attributes) The invoker of the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--operation--function--invoker))
- `script` (String, Sensitive) The script to execute.
- `script_ref` (String) Reference to a function in the function registry. Mutually exclusive with `script`.
- `variables` (String) The variables to pass to the function.

<a id="nestedatt--steps--operation--function--invoker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.operation.function.invoker`

Optional:

- `event_user` (Boolean) Attach the operation to an event user.
- `machine_user` (Attributes) Attach the operation to a machine user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--operation--function--invoker--machine_user))

<a id="nestedatt--steps--operation--function--invoker--machine_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.operation.function.invoker.machine_user`

Required:

- `auth_namespace` (String) The auth namespace of the machine user.
- `name` (String) The name of the machine user.




<a id="nestedatt--steps--operation--tailor_graphql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.operation.tailor_graphql`

Required:

- `query` (String) The GraphQL query to execute.

Optional:

- `app_name` (String) The name of the app to query.
- `invoker` (Attributes) The invoker of the operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--operation--tailor_graphql--invoker))
- `variables` (String) The variables to pass to the GraphQL query.

<a id="nestedatt--steps--operation--tailor_graphql--invoker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.operation.tailor_graphql.invoker`

Optional:

- `event_user` (Boolean) Attach the operation to an event user.
- `machine_user` (Attributes) Attach the operation to a machine user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--steps--operation--tailor_graphql--invoker--machine_user))

<a id="nestedatt--steps--operation--tailor_graphql--invoker--machine_user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `steps.operation.tailor_graphql.invoker.machine_user`

Required:

- `auth_namespace` (String) The auth namespace of the machine user.
- `name` (String) The name of the machine user.
