---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "tailor_tailordb_gql_permission Resource - terraform-provider-tailor"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The tailordb_gql_permission resource represents GraphQL permissions for a TailorDB type.
---

# tailor_tailordb_gql_permission (Resource)

The tailordb_gql_permission resource represents GraphQL permissions for a TailorDB type.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) The namespace name of the TailorDB type.
- `policies` (Attributes List) List of permission policies for the TailorDB type. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies))
- `type` (String) The name of the TailorDB type to configure permissions for.
- `workspace_id` (String) The ID of the workspace that the TailorDB type belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies`

Required:

- `actions` (List of String) List of GraphQL actions this policy applies to. Supported values are 'all', 'create', 'read', 'update', 'delete', 'aggregate', 'bulk_upsert'.
- `permit` (String) Permission type for this policy. Supported values are 'allow', 'deny'.

Optional:

- `conditions` (Attributes List) List of conditions that must be met for this policy to apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--conditions))
- `description` (String) Optional description for this policy.

<a id="nestedatt--policies--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.conditions`

Required:

- `left` (Attributes) Operand for this condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--conditions--left))
- `operator` (String) Comparison operator for this condition. Supported values are 'eq', 'ne', 'in', 'nin'.
- `right` (Attributes) Operand for this condition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--conditions--right))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--conditions--left"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.conditions.left`

Optional:

- `user` (String) Reference to a user field.
- `value` (Attributes) Static value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--conditions--left--value))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--conditions--left--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.conditions.left.value`

Optional:

- `boolean` (Boolean) Boolean value.
- `boolean_array` (List of Boolean) Array of boolean values.
- `string` (String) String value.
- `string_array` (List of String) Array of string values.



<a id="nestedatt--policies--conditions--right"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.conditions.right`

Optional:

- `user` (String) Reference to a user field.
- `value` (Attributes) Static value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policies--conditions--right--value))

<a id="nestedatt--policies--conditions--right--value"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policies.conditions.right.value`

Optional:

- `boolean` (Boolean) Boolean value.
- `boolean_array` (List of Boolean) Array of boolean values.
- `string` (String) String value.
- `string_array` (List of String) Array of string values.
